All right. The first one up here is using copy,
not add. If you see recommendations on the Internet,
or blogs, that suggest using the add command to get
your files into your image, you're probably
using the wrong command.
Only because we have these two features
now, copy and add in the Dockerfile, that essentially do
the same thing in terms of copying files in from the
command line from your local machine.
But, the add can do a lot more stuff.
It can actually download files from the Internet.
It can untar any files that it sees
in your local directory.
It basically got a little too confusing and
had some accidental side effects around copying
files in. So, the industry basically has decided
that you shouldn't use add unless you know why you need it,
and then only use it for that.
In this case, default to copy when you're putting your
files in your images and in Nodeland, we usually
just use copy. I rarely see anyone using the
add command and having legitimate uses for that.
Focus on copy for now and ignore any old
blogs you might see, from the early days of Docker, that
might suggest using add.
Next up is npm and yarn.
In all the official images that we're going to be using,
they're going to be built in by default.
They weren't always in Node by default, but nowadays, it's
normal to have them both there.
You'll hear us talk about base images later and what
you're from images should be.
Just know that you don't need to install npm and yarn.
In fact, you tend to probably just use the one that came
with the Node version that you're using.
If you need to specifically update one of them
because of maybe a bug or a new feature that you need, you
could certainly do that in your Dockerfile.
But, I don't normally recommend that out-of-the-box, by
default, due to versions and the expectation
around those packages being packaged with the same
Node version. Opinions are different on that, so it's up to
you. But, we won't be upgrading or installing
npm or yarn because they're there.
You can use either one. You'll see in this example file
here that I'm using the npm command.
But, certainly if you have a preference for either or, then
use those. I will be using npm in this course just because
I've been around Node a long time, and npm is always what
I've used. Just realize both can be used.
At this point, they more or less have most of the same
features anyway. Whichever one you use, make sure that
you're always cleaning up after yourself.
Just like with apt-get package management, you need to make
sure you do a clean. In this case, I'm doing an npm cache
clean with a force to make sure it cleans everything off
that's related to the caching, so that my image is as small
as possible. The next one here is using
Node in your cmd, not npm.
And npm is sort of the default way we've all
learned to launch programs in Node.
It's very convenient, but in your Dockerfile, there's a few
reasons to stick with Node and skip npm.
One reason is that npm requires another
application to run.
So, in that Dockerfile, when you're running that as a
container, now instead of just Node running,
you now have npm running and Node will run as a
subprocess. That's just the nature of one process launching
another. That adds complexity and an unnecessary layer,
or level, to our program running.
Secondly, it's not as literal as I like to
see it in Dockerfiles. I like Dockerfiles to tell me
exactly what's going to happen when it launches.
When I do something like npm start, then
that means that really what's going to happen is in some
other file that's not the Dockerfile.
I would prefer that for these production Dockerfiles that
we're talking about here, that we be very literal and
specific about exactly what JavaScript file we're
launching. Doing the Node command here gives us that
feature. Lastly, npm doesn't
work well as an init process. If you know
a little bit about processes in Linux, you
may know that there's always one main process that starts
when Linux starts itself.
This is true also in containers.
There's always one, main process that everything else
launches from. In a container, that's usually what we want
to start in the cmd.
We don't want to start something that then launches
something else, and we get this sort of tree structure.
One of the problems with npm currently is that it doesn't
handle the signal termination.
It doesn't pass signals correctly to Node.
So it tends to just improperly shut down the container
if we use npm here.
Again, keeping Node as the main process is simpler
and allows us to use direct signaling, as we'll learn later
in this course.
But for now, just know that we want to stick with Node.
The last little tip I'm going to give you here is not
necessarily a Node specific one.
But, since we do tend to move around, as you'll learn
through this course, with Node modules and copying our
files in, we're going to be using workdir a lot.
So, you shouldn't use cd or mkdir
inside of your Dockerfile.
You should really just use workdir, which does both.
workdir will make a directory if it's not there.
The one caveat is if you need specific permissions
on a directory when it's created, a run
mkdir might be better for you, and
it's really sort of a one-off scenario.
Usually, I don't have too many permissions when I'm dealing
with Node because unlike some other programming languages,
it seems to be pretty tolerant of the default permissions
when you copy stuff in.